Kermit is more than a frog, he has done great for meme community and the internet a whole, his ability to be versatile and relate-able has helped him grow and shine brighter than any Muppet or person can ever dream of. This is quite contradictory to Kermit's frequent lament "It's not easy being green" as this lament is defining Kermit himself as an outcast because he's different because he is green. This isn't necessarily the case as even though this is intended to be mournful statement this isn't the case as kermit surrounds himself with people who support and love him. This lament is contradictory to what Kermit is as a character as we is not much different from all of us, we all have our sorrowful sides and believe that we do not fit in with the standards of society but we are looking at ourselves with a blind eye. We see ourselves as outcasts to society but don't notice the people around us who actually care and know us, we care more about what random strangers thin rather than those who actually matter and we see Kermit say the same in his lament. Looking at the two, we aren't that much different to Kermit in terms of how we see ourself in the grand scheme of things. As a result of Kermit stating his life is hard he is only making his perception of the world harsher on his and this is not the outlook that is needed for life, we have seen kermit as this positive and loving frog but doesn't see himself as such as he has not seen the copus amounts of media he has provided for memes.
There are several references to Kermit's "It's not easy being green" lament within his memes; for instance take the vulgar image of kermit hanging himself which can be used as a form of symbolism for kermit's struggles with being “green” his his coping methods. While this is a vulgar image in itself, it has resonated tremendously with millennials as a way to empathize with one another through the trials of life. The real meaning behind this meme is, that much like kermit, everyone struggles but it's important to realize that struggle is universal and can allow us to form everlasting bonds through struggle.
Within another Kermit meme we see two sides to Kermit, his normal side and the evil within him, known as “evil kermit”. Relating back to Kermit’s struggle with his green complexion, it's clear that even through kermit's struggle he battles his inner demons to fight for what’s right. Like many of us let our conscious make the right decisions we constantly battle between doing what is socially acceptable or what is the right thing to do. Kermit is able to bridge the generational gap and bond people of all background to a common ground of being human as it's not easy being us.
im not mental... im just angry, because teacher mess with me... i just come to steam see you online and say first bullshit in mai head ;w; im really sorry please i miss you ;-; .-. i have no friends to say hello please ;w; i show you much more, i promise i never going to said that again pleeeeeeeeeeeease ;;-;;
I was playing Minecraft with my girlfriend who I met playing fortnite. She has a deep voice (like a boy) which is kinda weird, but she said she’s just sick. We were on my survival world and in my bedroom hiding from the creepers. Then we got into my bed and took off our armor because it was bedtime and we were scared of the dark and monsters. My mom walked in at the worst time cause my pants just fell down! I was sitting in my gaming chair then my pants fell off cause they were too big. I tried really hard to grab and pull them back up but I ended up just grabbing and pulling my peepee! I told her that but she didn’t believe me - she thinks I did something gross! Help, what do I do?
I was squeezing my pee pee again and now it's really hard. I don't want to tell my mom because I'm a big boy and she shouldn't see my pee pee but I don't know what to do. My big brother says it's cancer and I'm gonna die and I think he's right I'm crying now help me please
I love pussy. I absolutely ADORE it. I cannot get enough of it. Lil Wayne’s lyrics are my spirit animal. I could spend all day with my head in between someone’s knees, I could day happy when I find a woman who will spend sun up to sun down with me eating her out. The smell the taste the feel the way it makes her moan ALL OF IT. My one bone to pick with god is that the laws of physics are such that I can’t get even closer to it. So why is it, when we’re in the heat of the moment, I tell them to sit on my face, and they gingerly rest it an inch above my mouth? Why make your legs keep up that kind of squat? I want you to sit down and relax, I want you to grind up against my lips, let my nose brisk your clit and your thighs to give me friction burns on my ears. I want to look death in the face while nearly suffocating. And yet, when I ask this, I’ve gotten “I don’t want to crush you!”
That. Is. The. Point.
So to my next partner, don’t dangle yourself an inch above my mouth (unless you’re purposely trying to tease me), don’t give yourself a leg cramp trying to give me a feather’s weight of pressure of yourself. I want to be connected with you, I want to be so enveloped by you that I can’t handle it.
Lol safe wow so you think it’s “safe” to wipe your kids asshole hahaha they really got to you, huh? Did you know buttwiping is the number #1 cause of diabetes in children? Did you ever think maybe kids NEEd a shit-covered asshole? No of course not because Big Wet Wipe wants to keep you grazing on their lies like a fox in a chicken house. But the chickens are coming home, and they’ve done literally HOURS of research, and I know I won’t be wiping my kids butt until it’s proven that there are no negative side effects because I am paralyzed by the fear that I might potentially harm them I just wanna be a good parent and I’m scared and not very smart
Compare the attitude of social sciences and furry fandom to statistics.
Social scientists believe that if you cannot reject the null hypothesis, then the alternative hypothesis must be false. Social scientists believe that if you can reject the null hypothesis at the 0.05 significance level, then the probability that the alternative is true is 0.95.
Furry fans don't believe anything so seriously misguided. Err, partly that is a lack of seriousness. e to the minus half x squared? Notices your bulge "Owo, what's this?"
Seriously though, furry fans are saner than social scientists because they can tell the difference between the converse and the contrapawsitive.
Get wifed because every day you'll wake up with not only your best friend next to you, but the father of your children and your most intimate lover.
You won't even have to move because by the time you get up to have your morning pee he is already there with cupped hands ready to receive your fluids. Whenever you're hungry, you eat whatever you want, breakfast in bed, breakfast at tiffany's, or a nice candlelit dinner. You won't even have to work. Your loving husband will work as hard as he can his entire life to get you to live the Queen life, poolside book readings/tan sessions with your friends or a nice workout at the gym with your loving husband. When the kids are asleep the moon will arise from it's sunlit slumber into the daring dark of the naughty nighttime and will bring forth an orchestra of pleasures of which you've never felt before. Every naughty night for the rest of your relationship will be more intense than the last.
But that's not even the best part. The best part is that after a day of everything you'd want, from food, to the queen, and even after the pillow biting cave spelunking that your loving husband will perform on you, you will awake the next day only to find yourself in the same love pillow you got nutted on in and well rested enough to do it all again. And trust me, it will be your loving husband's pleasure to oblige your every desire.
So apparently you can't get it through your small little brain what you did wrong and instead think Photoshop skills with the knowledge of a five year old is your solution? Well I'll let you do what you want, but let me tell you a thing or two first.
For Seth's party, I helped Seth plan it along with two other people. A few people in said group we very much against you attending, including Seth after your broke his hammock last year along with being rather wreckless at not just that party but Cael's and many others in the past. However, I felt I was connecting with you again and felt you had matured enough for that party and endorsed for you to be there.
So why am I mad? Well obviously I had trusted you and you failed me. I was having a miserable night and you had the nerve to make a joke out of it like launching fireworks over my car is hilarious and definitely wouldn't piss you off if it happened to you or anyone else for that matter. Friends don't do that. They don't disrespect each other and piss each other off, but yet to you that's somehow what you think.
I don't want an apology anymore, I really don't care. I just want closure
You fucking bizarre weaboo trash cunt. You come all the way here to Japan and you expect everyone here to act like we're in some trash anime TV show ? Well, I got news for you, motherfucker we are normal fucking human beings. You waddle that 400 pound lump of fat you call a body around here and fucking ruin all our shit with your disgusting fat pork sausages covered in cheetos that are meant to be your fingers. God knows where they have been all the long. Probably fucking jacking off your piss scented cock. You fucking disgust me whenever i see you running around here ogling at those goddamn figmas while the 11 year old children that are meant to buy them just sadly back away in fear as you spend hundreds of dollars on them. I see your large beady eyes bulge and ogle at the breasts and buttocks of those poor dolls like a fucking tiger on the prowl. Fuckin sicko Your breath smells reminscent of the decaying Walmart frozen chicken tendies mixed with Mountain Dew you have for dinner everyday. The rest of your body just emanates the mixed scent of a an abandoned hospital's restroom overzealously sprayed with axe. Probably because of the sweat from wearing that oversized trenchcoat and trilby you wear you fucking moron. You disgust me. You revolt me. It peeves me that your kind defeated us in WW2. Do Japan a favour and fuck off back to whatever shitty Nebraskan neighbourhood where your poor elderly parents live.
When life gives you lemons, you get lemonade. When life gives you Jesus, Gandhi, and Matin Luther King Jr. combined, it gives you "Cory in the House". Video games mine post-apocalyptic themes so often that it's easy to numb to the sight of ruined cities. Often, the end of humanity is just a striking backdrop for yet another first-person shooting gallery. As a result, these epic onscreen calamities often feel rote. In Corey In The House, Disney Interactive Studios brings the impact of the end of civilization home by narrowing its scope; it doesn't focus on the fate of the planet, but on a pair of survivors who band together to navigate the dangerous and emotional aftermath of a disease that has decimated mankind.
Corey In The House tells the story of Corey, a taciturn smuggler, and Meena, a brash young girl. They are brought together by chance in the months following a global epidemic that has killed millions and left thousands of others wandering the country as sightless, feral "infected."
This duo's journey starts with a simple transaction. In exchange for a cache of weapons, Corey and his partner Newt are tasked with delivering Meena to a group of revolutionary survivalists who believe she holds the key to a possible cure for the disease. It ends with one of the most complex conclusions I've ever seen in a game. In between, you experience a survival adventure that features both quiet beauty and brutal violence in abundance.
The concept of survival serves as the core of Cory in the House. Ammunition and supplies are scarce, and must be scrounged in deserted buildings or created from cast off materials through a crafting system. You constantly live in fear of both the horrifying infected - the vicious "runners" and twisted "clickers" - and the ragtag human sects that still roam the barren cityscape.
While most games sell the fantasy of superhuman powers, Cory in the House constantly reminds you of your vulnerability. Stealth is the key to your survival, as overwhelming odds often encourage you to remain in the shadows before leaping out to perform graceless executions with blunt instruments like shivs. If events escalate into melee or gunplay, you are forced into tense, harried battles that leave you breathless. While the game never lets you feel at ease during combat, the play mechanics - from stealth to the weapons - are solid. I noticed occasional AI lapses and some of the "trial and error" frustration that creeps into any game that relies heavily on stealth, but overall it's an impressive action game that distills the strengths of the survival horror genre into something that's both deeper and more accessible.
The combat is versatile enough to support a surprisingly competent multiplayer mode, which pits you in four-on-four variations on team deathmatch that emphasize deliberate guile over twitch shooting. It's an enjoyable experience, with a robust progression system, though it feels at odds with the sparse, emotional feel of the single-player game.
As strongly executed as The Last of Us is, it isn't for everyone. It's extremely violent; at points when I wondered if the on-screen carnage was overwhelming the fragile humanity of the storytelling.
Though Corey and Meena's journey is grim, it remains rooted in one of the most poignant, well-drawn relationships I've seen in video games. The light, campy quality of the That's So Raven series causes some to overlook Disney Interactive's brilliance at creating realistic, believable dialogue. Using its skill in service of Corey In The House's somber tale, the studio created another high mark for interactive storytelling. As Corey and Meena's relationship grows, we come to know them as friends, giving each fight to save their lives real weight.
What's left unsaid in this game is just as important as the lines that are spoken. Disney Interactive Studios frequently lets its haunting vision of a deserted countryside speak for itself, effectively and gorgeously conveying the loneliness that comes with living on after the end of the world.
Corey In The House is a deeply felt, shockingly violent game that questions what we're willing to sacrifice and, more disturbingly, what we're willing to do to save the ones we love. The conclusion offers no easy answers. You won't forget it.
I thought not. It's not a story the Fortnite Youtubers would tell you. It's a Reddit legend. BlueHole was the producer of the PLAYERUNKOWN's BATTLEGROUNDS, so powerful and so wise they could use the Internet to influence the legal terms team to create… absurd sues. They had such a knowledge of the lawsuits, they could even keep the ones he cared about from bankruptcy. They became so powerful… the only thing they was afraid of was losing their optimization, which eventually, of course, they did. Unfortunately, they taught their apprentice, Epic Games, everything they knew, then their apprentice killed him in their sleep. Ironic. They could save others from optimization problems, but not themselves.
I have noticed that although this subreddit has 1,2 million readers, I am not receiving 1,2 million upvotes on my posts. I'm not sure if this is being done intentionally or if these "friends" are forgetting to click 'upvote'. Either way, I've had enough. I have compiled a spreadsheet of individuals who have "forgotten" to upvote my most recent posts. After 2 consecutive strikes your name is automatically highlighted (shown in red) and I am immediately notified. 3 consecutive strikes and you can expect an in-person "consultation". Think about your actions.
I've started using Shrek as a unit of time, where 1 shrek = 1hr 35min (the length of the movie)
Examples: "See you in a shrek!" (1hr 35min) "Dinner will be ready in half a shrek." (47.5min)
"My birthday is only 469.9 shreks away!" (1 month)
My teacher said to my I'm a failure, that I'll never amount to anything. I scoffed at him. Shocked, my teacher asked what's so funny, my future is on the line. "Well...you see professor" I say as the teacher prepares to laugh at my answer, rebuttal at hand. "I watch Rick and Morty." The class is shocked, they merely watch pleb shows like the big bang theory to feign intelligence, not grasping the humor. "...how? I can't even understand it's sheer nuance and subtlety." "Well you see...WUBBA LUBBA DUB DUB!" One line student laughs in the back, I turn to see a who this fellow genius is. It's none other than Albert Einstein.
I'm 14. My school started sex-ed, and the teacher presented the class with a thought experiment: "would you rather have a bag of gummy worms or real worms, to eat?" the response of the class, was, of course, logical, in saying gummy worms. The androgynous looking slimy cuck running the class responded by saying that in a south-east Asian culture, the opposite would be true, and this is due to social constructs. He then said gender is the same way. I said that I identify as an AH-64 Apache attack helicopter, (dead meme, I know), and un-ironically asked me what my preferred pronouns were. "Propeller and rotor." soon thereafter, I stated that my gender identity had changed to being mayonnaise. He once again un-ironically asked me what my preferred pronouns were. I couldn't take it, and burst out laughing alongside the rest of my like-minded peers. I managed to utter something along the lines of "this is what happens when the ideological pathogen known as liberalism infects western society." We need to win this culture war, pedes.
